# gRPC

[gRPC](http://www.grpc.io/) is an RPC framework from Google. It uses protocol buffers as the underlying serialization/IDL format. At the transport layer it uses HTTP/2 for request/response multiplexing. Envoy has first class support for gRPC both at the transport layer as well as at the application layer:

- gRPC makes use of HTTP/2 trailers to convey request status. Envoy is one of very few HTTP proxies that correctly supports HTTP/2 trailers and is thus one of the few proxies that can transport gRPC requests and responses.
- The gRPC runtime for some languages is relatively immature. Envoy supports a gRPC [bridge filter](../../configuration/http_filters/grpc_http1_bridge_filter.md#config-http-filters-grpc-bridge) that allows gRPC requests to be sent to Envoy over HTTP/1.1. Envoy then translates the requests to HTTP/2 for transport to the target server. The response is translated back to HTTP/1.1.
- When installed, the bridge filter gathers per RPC statistics in addition to the standard array of global HTTP statistics.
- gRPC-Web is supported by a [filter](../../configuration/http_filters/grpc_web_filter.md#config-http-filters-grpc-web) that allows a gRPC-Web client to send requests to Envoy over HTTP/1.1 and get proxied to a gRPC server. It’s under active development and is expected to be the successor to the gRPC [bridge filter](../../configuration/http_filters/grpc_http1_bridge_filter.md#config-http-filters-grpc-bridge).
- gRPC-JSON transcoder is supported by a [filter](../../configuration/http_filters/grpc_json_transcoder_filter.md#config-http-filters-grpc-json-transcoder) that allows a RESTful JSON API client to send requests to Envoy over HTTP and get proxied to a gRPC service.

## gRPC 服务

In addition to proxying gRPC on the data plane, Envoy make use of gRPC for its control plane, where it [fetches configuration from management server(s)](../../configuration/overview/v2_overview.md#config-overview-v2) and also in filters, for example for [rate limiting](../../configuration/http_filters/rate_limit_filter.md#config-http-filters-rate-limit) or authorization checks. We refer to these as *gRPC services*.

When specifying gRPC services, it’s necessary to specify the use of either the [Envoy gRPC client](../../api-v2/api/v2/core/grpc_service.proto.md#envoy-api-field-core-grpcservice-envoy-grpc) or the [Google C++ gRPC client](../../api-v2/api/v2/core/grpc_service.proto.md#envoy-api-field-core-grpcservice-google-grpc). We discuss the tradeoffs in this choice below.

The Envoy gRPC client is a minimal custom implementation of gRPC that makes use of Envoy’s HTTP/2 upstream connection management. Services are specified as regular Envoy [clusters](cluster_manager.md#arch-overview-cluster-manager), with regular treatment of [timeouts, retries](http_connection_management.md#arch-overview-http-conn-man), endpoint [discovery](dynamic_configuration.md#arch-overview-dynamic-config-sds)/[load balancing/failover](load_balancing.md#arch-overview-load-balancing)/load reporting, [circuit breaking](circuit_breaking.md#arch-overview-circuit-break), [health checks](health_checking.md#arch-overview-health-checking), [outlier detection](outlier.md#arch-overview-outlier-detection). They share the same [connection pooling](connection_pooling.md#arch-overview-conn-pool)mechanism as the Envoy data plane. Similarly, cluster [statistics](statistics.md#arch-overview-statistics) are available for gRPC services. Since the client is minimal, it does not include advanced gRPC features such as [OAuth2](https://oauth.net/2/) or [gRPC-LB](https://grpc.io/blog/loadbalancing)lookaside.

The Google C++ gRPC client is based on the reference implementation of gRPC provided by Google at <https://github.com/grpc/grpc>. It provides advanced gRPC features that are missing in the Envoy gRPC client. The Google C++ gRPC client performs its own load balancing, retries, timeouts, endpoint management, etc, independent of Envoy’s cluster management. The Google C++ gRPC client also supports [custom authentication plugins](https://grpc.io/docs/guides/auth.md#extending-grpc-to-support-other-authentication-mechanisms).

It is recommended to use the Envoy gRPC client in most cases, where the advanced features in the Google C++ gRPC client are not required. This provides configuration and monitoring simplicity. Where necessary features are missing in the Envoy gRPC client, the Google C++ gRPC client should be used instead.